update docs (#2194)
tskit-dev/msprime: docs/ancestry.md

we want record information on other events of interest, not just the mimimal 
representation of its outcome.

The `additional_nodes` and 
{ref}`coalescing_segments_only <sec_additional_nodes_cso>` options serve 
this exact purpose. These options allow us to record the nodes associated with 
a custom subset of all events we might observe in the history of a sample. 
Besides samples and coalescence events, nodes can now also represent 
{ref}`common ancestor events <sec_additional_nodes_ca>`, 
{ref}`recombination <sec_additional_nodes_re>`, 
{ref}`gene conversion <sec_additional_nodes_re>`, 
{ref}`migration <sec_ancestry_record_migrations>`, 
and {ref}`pass through <sec_additional_nodes_re>` events. The example below 
and the next few paragraphs provide a guide on how 
to record additional nodes and interpret the resulting node tables.

We first set up a simple pedigree simulation. Pedigrees are an
interesting starting point as in contrast to the coalescent models a single 
node might be associated with more than one type of event. Conversely, 

> for coalescent models each event is registered as a new node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the continuous-time coalescent model simulated by default by msprime,
each event is registered as a new node.
```
Couldn't a node in the DTWF be associated with more than one kind of event?

Author: yes! good point.

(&) we can then query the nodes table and check the type of each of the recorded 
nodes.

If we wish to reduce these trees down to the minimal representation, we can use 
{meth}`tskit.TreeSequence.simplify`. The resulting tree sequence will have 
all of these unary nodes removed and will be equivalent to (but not identical, 
due to stochastic effects) calling {func}`.sim_ancestry` without the 
`additional_nodes` or `coalescing_segment_only` argument(s).

(sec_additional_nodes_cso)=

### Coalescing segments only

Note that the `coalescing_segments_only` option should be set to `False` when 
recording additional nodes. Setting `coalescing_segments_only` to `False` 
allows us to switch off the default simulator behaviour of only recording the 
relationships between overlapping ancestry segments. Instead, you can now 
record edges along the full extent of any of the ancestral lineages 
that was involved in any of the events as specified by the `additional_nodes` flag. 
This option can also be set to `False` without specifying any additional nodes. 

> We then register edges along the full length of the tracked ancestral material. 
> Not just for the those marginal overlapping segments. This option will result 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We then record edges along the full length of the tracked ancestral material,
not just for the those overlapping segments. This option will result 
```

ancestor (in the strict sense) events.

Coalescence events are the default node type (associated with value 0) and are 
therefore only implicitly part of the {class}`.NodeType` enumeration. 

> In contrast, whenever we do not observe any marginal overlap between the 
> segments of genome carried by the lineages, we register this in the node table as 
> {class}`msprime.NodeType.COMMON_ANCESTOR`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, whenever two nonoverlapping ancestral segments
are found to have inherited from the same ancestral genome,
there is no coalescence event, and so we register this in the node table as 
{class}`msprime.NodeType.COMMON_ANCESTOR`.
```

Finally, when keeping track of individuals 
({class}``msprime.DiscreteTimeWrightFisher``, 

> {class}``msprime.FixedPedigree``), we might observe genomes (ploid) through 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{class}``msprime.FixedPedigree``), we might observe genomes (ploids) through 
```

which the ancestral material of only a single lineage passes. 
Such genomes can be registered in the table as 
{class}`msprime.NodeType.PASS_THROUGH` nodes.

> Although, this is obviously not a common ancestor event, remark that for both 
> of these models each node has to carry at least one of these three flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this is obviously not a common ancestor event, note that for both 
of these models each node has to carry at least one of these three flags.
```
